you know what's up back again another
video doing a video on some replicas
lebron 10 elite superheroes I got these
yesterday jun 2 13 yesterday thursday
from buster deals or bus or our twitter
that called ordered them last week
wednesday got on last week's it took a
week and one day to get them as you can
see by the box it doesn't come with the
elite box like the authentics just comes
in a regular lebron box this is really
beat up i ain't trippin about that says
here lebron 10 Elite Series it has the
color it's a size 12 if it's true to
size I wear a size 13 course with these
are local sites they never have size 13s
but you know I don't wear size 12 or
certain shoes and these fit okay okay
I'll also they sent me as a free gift
some tough socks which I'm not gonna
wear a tease but I mean at least they're
sending me free gifts besides the ugly
snapbacks they always sent me so and it
looks like it matches the shoe colorways
somewhat wish that's what I've noticed
whenever they when I order something
replica sites they always since the free
stuff date kind of goes with the product
that you're ordering the colorway so
anyways enough that hold on
okay here in the shoes gandee's a
replica lebron 10 superheroes these are
good um I came for and I'm kind of
slightly disappointed don't get me wrong
I like them but I was kind of something
more but these are the FirstBest he just
came out from these websites like a week
or two ago so they'll probably get
better over time but and what I noticed
with the videos and the rep companies
the shoelaces for this plain orange but
here they have this like the aesthetic
so that's good like all replicas stuff
doesn't have the Flywire it just has the
air max bubble and this material is
lighter than the authentic like this
black part the attending is a much
darker and it's not necessary carbon
fiber but it's a different material this
is smooth but I mean and here you can
see it's smooth I mean it has the
indentures or whatever you want to call
them it it's a lot smoother and youth
enix this is you can see more through
than this I make neither kind of
see-through but it's not as good but oh
toe box toe box is okay and I actually
went to the mall or not to the muppets a
foot action today not to compare the
shoes but you know I was going to get
something else and so I took a look at
LeBrons there the aesthetic sense to
compare my me I didn't I didn't wear it
ease to the store but you know just when
I can remember in bed yeah like I said
this is when anything is much darker
this black part is darker and it's AB
different materialists just playing with
cereal inside has nike basketball elite
series which knowing how replicas are
that will be faded after a couple of
where's the tongue itself is long the
material like I said they do fit true to
size I mean I have some authentic LeBron
tens in a size 12 and he's fit just like
them you know here's the bottom can't
really see it I ain't gonna front this
is the first time I've really kinda been
disappointed in a replica I mean I like
these shoes that I'm gonna rock them but
this is like probably the first times
were i buy a replica shoe and then I end
up going to get the tenets cuz i still
like this color well I like this shoe
and if i can get the authentic i will
get it then a great decent price are
either dope don't me wrong i'm with rock
these these are dope I like this color
Aegis I don't know it's just this is it
just doesn't feel right to me but it's
still dope pretty much all the rep sites
had these now but I got these from bus
of reps or busted eels whatever they're
called
but it means a nice shoe two colorways
nice amazes there's flaws that i could
see but i'm not wanting to sit there
nitpick about flaws on it on a replica
this you know you're paying fifty bucks
we're technically more than fifteen make
was 50 something dollars plus the
shipping then the western union fee I in
the pay like $92 for the shoe but then
it costs to 60 + tax is like 280
something so I nearly paid 200 hours
left then what the Atlantic is but I
guess it's a nice shoe the flaws that
you can see if you're just wearing these
shoes walking out and about nobody will
be able to tell really but it's been if
you were walking and somebody was
wearing the shoe the aesthetics they
will probably definitely be able to tell
which I mean I'll rock them I don't
really care if anybody says if they've
got me rocking reps cos I rock what I
want to rock I would have authentics I
wear it then it's an reps so I can care
less what they got to say but but this
is the first batch though because he
just came out from the rep sites the
last two weeks so hopefully eventually
they'll get the quality better the shoe
itself is dope though I mean if it's
true to size for the most part is on
point you know but me I'm just kind of
being nitpicky and stuff but overall the
shoe is good you can't go wrong with
this I mean you don't want to spend
nearly three hundred dollars for a shoe
and you want to get an OnPoint replica
of the LeBron elites then get these you
know like I said I got lucky cuz I'm
seen on some of the replica videos of
the factory that the company's one aged
produce their own shoes the shoelaces
were just plain orange and these had
your stripes and a half like I don't
know if you can see that hold up
it says Kevlar like the authentics but
you can't go wrong these are good shoes
they fit nice you know the replicas so
you get what you pay for it but I'm not
gonna complain I mean I like them I'm
gonna rock them and that's what it is so
like it's like leave a comment peace